hello how was it used for new day
puntocom now I'm going to show you the
shake that I make almost every morning
we are in November has started the
autumn and they no longer sell watermelon but good
the pineapple is a bit growing now here
but they do it well I can not find it
then messi must use the watermelon
I use the pineapple and it does even a
little bit richer then now I'm going to
show how to make material for some
person
and simply
cut
bits
well of pineapple and a banana
I took off the quickie shell I took
the time but it's a few minutes that I
I take care to prepare my castilla every
morning
is what I do on the beach to train
every morning about nine thirty I
I meet my friend and my granddaughter
accompanies us we train together
I train that he lives there
sometimes he stays a little longer and then he
they have a coffee but I come home
I prepare my milkshake this came to me part
in 2008 like this
much
and later
with this and the following water
emotions up here either about two
centimeters you notice the water then what
that I never do is measure is worked
with spoonfuls teaspoons we achieve and
I simply go to the eye and to taste
then a calculation that is a spoonful
more or less ok for a person
and then what was done to me and also
it's very little but it changes the flavor
He also calculated one more spoonful or
less if it is more
and now I show you
do not
20 seconds
and they leave little if they do not like it in excess
they throw a little more water
one more lap
and even delicious milkshake who believes that
fattening a piece of pineapple or banana
a spoonful of protein a spoonful
of
avn anyone, this is simply
healthy fast rich and fills me are two
little cups 23 hours although then
Health
let's stop and point as if
like the video share what click
subscribe to my channel and visit my page
web and my facebook page chao